and not have to be guided by these
stories, so I say that Hurricane
Marta
Marte Anthony has had something to do with it because
if you remember correctly. Also, I said this
the other day when this was the last
video that I recorded of Teresa Alseo it
is surely on Friday, Friday night,
this was just before she published
the stories I recorded it and
if we remember, when they explode and
when she leaves Antonio's house
and they cut it off, she makes it public, put it about
Rocío Flores and so on, it is Malaga, therefore it
was still pending that they
saw each other in Madrid because they were in the
two apartments Madrid - Malaga, he has to
stop by the apartment in Madrid to pick up
things, so obviously verses have
had something to do with it and it will have been now
after a few weeks when
things have calmed down a bit when they
saw each other and according to Marta Antonio David would have
started to cry.
Here
the next story, well, no longer the
same shot, it is always the same shot and
the suitcase is no longer in the shot,
okay, I also tell you, it doesn't make a difference, I
don't like the childish way that she
has of doing it, I
mean, I want to tell you, I think there are other
ways but I think that  Marta when she is
like wow and I have called her
kamikaze I think that sometimes well that she
completely loses her mind and I think that
for me Marta has quite
toxic overtones that I don't like she has things
about herself quite a lot of resentment things that no thousand
things that I don't like and that I wouldn't
have her as a true friend I tell you
but I think that in this case when she is
there even if she is wrong And although there are
things that I wouldn't do for a fact and even less for
an Instagram story I don't know to what
extent I see her as a liar I see her many
things but for real and well This thing about the
guitar I didn't like
the guitar What does it mean I don't understand
this let's see tell me let's see what you put I can't
see I can't see from far away and my Blanca guitar
looks better with the decoration
Of course because there was
Antonio David's guitar before no it's not that one No it's not
why I think that's why
Antonio's guitar was there I do
n't know It seems to me that everything is a bit she
is sharing
screenshots of messages that are
coming to her and now comes what I would say
more than obviously that is
the bomb that would be this
and one of the  advantages of well
precisely a woman who lives alone It's that I
have new iOS space that I have to
fill you know I have
a lot of clothes Well now I have to
update Yesterday already a few
things and updating Well my closets
is one of the positive things we have
people who live alone more
closets more space
okay
this on the one hand and one of the advantages
of and now I've done that this is already the
bomb is that when look when I saw
this my hair has already stood
up because of course Well now we talk
zero it's a book she covers a part of
the cover so that people can
find it so that people
obviously look for it and here we have the
full cover okay how to survive
love with psychopaths
let's see here The small summary that
I know that now you're going to tell us a
little more Marina but the small summary
of the book based on
25 years of clinical experience treating cases of
victims who suffer from toxic relationships
the author explains in a clear and
practical way how to detect this
type of couples and what is more
important How to get rid of them
avoiding falling into love again zero will
help you identify  early to an
integrated psychopath get out of these types
of destructive relationships and close the
paths so that no one enters Never again in
your life total is that it is total Look
since Piñuel let's see I think that of the people
who are in this live I have read that book I
have it I have read it three
times and I think that the people who are in
this live surely there are many people
who have read it because it has exploded
in
sales and Iñaki Piñuel is a crack as
soon as I saw as soon as I saw it on
Twitter the thing about love I got so upset
here like what is coming I didn't
need to go looking for it because I know that it is
like surviving love with psychopaths let's
see people at first Maybe there are
people who can say he is
calling me a psychopath let's see there are people who
still have the idea that
psychopaths are those we see in
Antena 3 movies that kill that
obviously integrated psychopaths
the abuse these people who are
integrated into society that also
when you read the book you see the
professions that the majority  of them
occupy not like the high positions
many lawyers journalists
politicians businessmen you see a specific type of
profile that is due to the fact that you
live in a relationship of that style of one
degree or another because of course when you have been there there
are couples who have been there for 20 30 years
who have children together because this
type of profiles men or women that is why it
bothers me many times so much
when we always talk about we say about
gender violence no I mean and I have
often always thought more about
integrated empathy because they are men or
women that many are born and many
acquire according to the experiences that they
have and they are a certain way
they have a it is a modus operandi that
two plus two equals four it is a
manual pattern that they behave in a way
okay that obviously everything everything
begins with the typical phase that is also
called vomiting which is the
bombing of love of the first
weeks the first months are beautiful
you fall in love choosing according to which victims I think it is
not a coincidence there is always
a type of victim that falls before
another you are not going to choose a victim
understand me colloquially that it is a
mushroom that has no energy that does not have
no normally they take very vital people
people who have to contribute So you
go little by little little by little you suck that
energy until you take away all its essence
very little by little of course man at
first they sell you the gold and the Moor
them and them
then in a very subtle way very little
by little they annul you they don't
separate you very little by little and not always
verbally but they condition you they
separate you from the people you love they
make you feel like [ __ ] they sort of
forbid you but without
forbidding you they mistreat you
psychologically but without telling you that
you are a daughter of the you know there are many
ways to do it and in the end they
undermine you in such a subtle and such a
sibylline way that you end up totally devastated it's
as if a hurricane came down on you
no So in the end you end up without
essence and you end up like dead they leave you
Dead in life those people So when
I have seen this from Marta, which is also by the
book, they also do not change, they do not change I
mean the solution for these people
is always and it is very difficult because
many times it is not love anymore it is the
emotional dependence and the attachment that
these types of relationships generate in you
here we have called this we have
talked about it here toxic As I think it was
this case that we are not going to determine if it
is not narcissistic if one no because
we are not here either but she is the one who
has exposed it you know if she if in this
case Marta is reading this book it is
because she feels or someone has
recommended to her that her relationship with Antonio
David has been based on a in
her head she may think that even
based on a relationship of
psychological abuse or psychological violence or
some type of violence because this
book also deals with it is that it specifies
very well it tells you by
chapters and it is by the book It is that this is
by the book
when it is that there are many things to
tell in this book that could be
applied to this relationship or I mean if right now
I told you because I know
the book by heart Point by point what it
tells you in the book we could
understand things about this relationship that we have been
seeing publicly even the
triangulation with the children that many
times is triangulated with the children of
in the case that it were like that of
Marta's relationship with Rocío Flores and
Antonio David known Flores but Rocío
with Marta sees him as an enemy and she is
like everything very by the book she is not  this
type of profiles which is the book that
Marta is supposedly trying to read
in order to turn the page or in which
Antonio David could have reflected
this type of profiles or because they
ruin all your special occasions
that every time they see you happy their
blood boils because they don't feel that
happiness they only feel anger
envy because they can't have what you
have they lack emotions they lack
empathy But because they don't have it is that you ca
n't demand it from them because they don't
have it they lack conscience they don't
differentiate between good and evil it's
not an illness it's more of a
disorder they don't change So I want to
tell you I don't need to be a psychologist
anyone who has been through a
relationship like that I think can
recognize it and in this case in the absence of the fact that we have
not lived that relationship and we
have not seen it I do believe Marta I mean I believe I believe
that she is suffering and
that if she reads that book it is because she has been
able to feel or has been able to feel
identified with things that she has read in
this book because what those of us who
have read that book are that or you
when you live it you understand and I believe
that there are people here that I think can
understand it and  No, with that I'm saying that
Anthony is a Pascual,
but if Marta uploads this I think it's not a
coincidence, I think it's because of the
following and if she's reading that book I
send her a lot of encouragement because she's going to have a
bad time